[Music]
twelve unexpected food etiquette rules
from around the world
if one man's meat is another man's
poison then you could also say one man's
fork is another man's a weapon in some
parts of the world when you travel
abroad and adventurously try the local
cuisine and a traditional setting you
might notice how a certain countries
table manners are very different from
your own
seriously who would have thought that
asking for salt and pepper could be
considered impolite of course you don't
want to embarrass yourself or come off
as rude or barbaric so here are 12 quite
unexpected food etiquette rules from
across the globe before we sit down and
dine around the world be sure to
subscribe to our channel for your chance
to always fill your belly our brain that
is with all kinds of surprising facts
and useful advice once you've clicked
that subscribe button ring the
notification bell so that you don't miss
any of the updates coming out daily on
the bright side of life okay
back to our list 12
don't use Forks in Thailand
no it's not forks and spoons that are
unknown oh here just Forks and it's not
like you can't use a fork
you just can't eat from one let me
explain in Thailand
picking food up with a fork is
considered bad form however you are
allowed to push food onto a spoon using
a fork that's it and if you think you
can't go wrong with just sticking the
chopsticks you better forget about it if
you're having rice it's traditionally
served on plates not bowls and a spoon
is what you need to enjoy it the Thai
way
[Music]
eleven don't clean your plate in China
what's the best way to show the cook you
really liked your meal eat up every
single morsel on your plate right maybe
even ask for more if you really enjoyed
it in China however it's impolite to
finish eating everything on your plate
empty plates indicate that a host hasn't
served enough food and guests are still
hungry so if you want to compliment the
chef or host leave some food on your
plate no matter how tasty it is yes
you'll need to control yourself somehow
oh and believe it or not belching at the
table isn't just acceptable but also a
great way to show you're enjoying the
meal 10 be ready to share a plate in
Ethiopia as you sit at the table in
ethiopia waiting for someone to give you
a plate to eat from you might miss the
actual meal everyone else will just eat
from one large serving plate in the
middle of the table without using any
coloring for many locals getting a plate
to yourself is weird and even wasteful
only grab from the part of the serving
dish closest to you reaching across is
considered route also wait for the end
of the meal to enjoy the meat dishes
they're the last thing to be eaten
[Music]
nine in Italy you'll insult the chef if
you ask for extra cheese I don't know
about you but the more cheese on my
pizza or pasta the better
and although Italians do love this
product it's considered rude to ask for
extra cheese
it may insult the chef because they take
it as you not liking the dish the way
they prepared it and wanting to change
it and get ready for this adding
Parmesan to your pizza is also
considered pretty crazy plus not all
pasta dishes are supposed to go with
Parmesan either hey Italians are known
for their incredible culinary arts so
let's just take it from the experts 8
don't ask for salt and pepper and
Portugal just like you shouldn't ask for
extra cheese in Italy you can erase the
phrase could you please pass me the salt
from your vocabulary if you are in
Portugal if you ask for salt and pepper
here you may hurt people's feelings it's
kind of like with Italy the cook may
feel insulted by the fact that you need
to spice up the dish they've served you
plus if you're eating local you probably
won't even need to add any more
seasonings to your food I mean these
chefs are highly skilled and respected
they'll whip up the best meal of your
life
seven be careful with chopsticks in
Japan let's imagine you're dining in
Japan
chopsticks feel like the best utensil to
go with you have to when you stick them
in your rice bowl you get surprised
looks
what's the faux pas here well it's not
recommended to stand your chopsticks up
vertically in the Land of the Rising Sun
according to tradition people place
chopsticks vertically during funerals in
a restaurant doing this may insult the
owner so to avoid an awkward situation
set your chopsticks down parallel to the
edge of the table in front of you if
you're taking a break between bites
[Music]
six
don't touch food with your left hand in
the Middle East in the Middle East India
and some African countries the left hand
is used for cleaning yourself up after
you go to the bathroom in South India
you can't even touch the plate with your
left hand since it's considered too
dirty to be anywhere near food so if you
ever find yourself in this part of the
world remember to go with your right
hand to eat or socialize and what should
you do if you're left-handed go without
eating of course not just to make sure
you only use your left hand in that case
because for you it's basically what a
right hand is to right-handed people
[Music]
five don't just sip on your wine in
Georgia wait what why am I not allowed
to slowly slip on my wine in one of the
major wine regions in the world well it
all comes down to the art of toasting
which Georgians do not take lightly
only after someone at the table finishes
their long beautiful heartfelt story of
how they're wishing everyone present
good health and love can you drink your
wine and you have to drink the whole
glass at once bottoms up
[Music]
for don't fill your own glass in Japan
if you find yourself at a dinner party
in Japan and wine is involved never get
a refill yourself you're supposed to
fill the glass of the person sitting
next to you at the table and they'll
return the favor
if you can't wait for your refill and
decide to ignore the friendly neighbor
rule don't be surprised when you get
disapproving looks so just be patient
and respectful
[Music]
three only drink cappuccino before noon
in Italy it's a sunny afternoon in Rome
you get yourself a cappuccino and a nice
little dessert and you're getting weird
glances from everyone around Italians do
drink cappuccinos of course but it's
mostly a breakfast drink or even a
substitute for breakfast but if you
drink this milky foam e coffee later in
the day it can upset your stomach
at least according to the locals no one
will say anything to you or get offended
but they'll immediately know you're a
tourist so if you're looking to blend
and fit in grab an espresso after 12
p.m. and get that caffeine boost you
probably need around this time of the
day anyway
[Music]
two guests are welcomed with half a cup
of tea in Kazakhstan when we think tea
ceremony we usually associate it with
the UK and all their fancy tea drinking
etiquette but it turns out there are
plenty of tea fans in Kazakhstan and
they've got rules when it comes to
drinking it as well whenever you visit
someone's home or even some company's
office you'll be offered a cup of tea
but that cup won't be filled to the brim
before you start questioning your hosts
generosity remember this half a cup
actually means your hosts don't want you
to leave soon pouring just half a cup is
the host way of letting you know that
they want to keep your nice conversation
going and keep pouring you piping hot
tea if you get a full cup however it's a
slight hint that it's time to go home
[Music]
one a clean teapot is a teapot without a
soul in China if you've been invited to
a tea ceremony in China and offer your
help with the dishes afterwards don't
even think about washing that teapot the
Chinese don't wash teapots especially
traditional clay ones with dish liquid
it's washed with water or special sand
and then left to air dry the resulting
plaque that has all the flavor and color
of tea gives the teapot soul which is
why it's prohibited to kill it with
different cleaning chemicals you don't
want to upset the ancient Chinese tea
spirits do you yeah me neither
[Music]
which of these customs shocked you the
most what are some food etiquette rules
in your country tell us in the comments
below don't forget to give us a like and
click subscribe to stay on the bright
side of life
[Music]